---
layout: post
title: "What You Can Get From This Website"
categories: misc
author:
- Heqing Shi
---

The resources from this website is mainly for researchers generally in the area of finance. Finance research, when combined with data, is closely related to statistics. This is especially the case when we do empirical works. As we are all researchers doing different topics in the area of finance, we find it useful to record or write down the statistical tools, including models, tests and etc., that we come up with. Therefore, this website is here to recorde those statistical tools into blogs!

We can see several tabs in the top bar of the website. Each tab corresponds to a specific topic that one of the maintainers of this website focus on. Currently, we cover **credit research**, **risk management** and **asset pricing**. Under each tab, statistical tools that are usually used for research in this topic will be available. In the **meeting schedule** tab, we will announce the information of our *discussion session*. The *discussion session* is set up to share the knowledge of the tools we blogged in a <u>seminar presentation mode</u>. To join in the *discussion session*, please fill the subscribe form by clicking the subscribe button in the home page (lower left).

Feel free to play with the materials we blogged in this website! Though we primarily do researches in the area of finance, we believe these knowledge in statistcs will also be meaningful to researchers in other fields such as accounting, marketing, operation research and so on. If you would like to contribute to the mateirals or maintainance of the website, more than welcome to contact us (you will find our emails in the home page as well)!

:blush:


You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
